Final Edit Creating a Form Using Plain Java (#45)
vaadin-learning-center/learning-content: tutorials/getting-started-with-flow/04__creating-a-form-using-plain-java/content.adoc

In this part, we add functionality to update and delete `Customer` objects.  

> . In `CustomerForm.java`, add buttons as Java fields: 

Reviewer: The original text is probably written by me but the Java fields still sounds bit weird to me. Let's change that into class variables while we are on it.
```suggestion
. In `CustomerForm.java`, add buttons as class variables: 
```

Reviewer: I'll fix this
